Changed  CONTRIBUTING.md (#303)
LawnchairLauncher/lawnicons: CONTRIBUTING.md

    ![](./contributing-image-3.png) ![](./contributing-image-4.png)

> 1. Add a new line to `app/src/main/res/xml/grayscale_icon_map.xml`, and map the new icon to a package name and app name. Please sort alphabetically. For&nbsp;example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a new line to `app/src/main/res/xml/grayscale_icon_map.xml`, and map the new icon to a package name and app name. Please keep the lines alphabetically sorted. For&nbsp;example:
```
